docs: update FAQs on Chrome, large webserver, php-patch-build (#6056)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/usage/faq.md

You are responsible for your code and its deployment. DDEV does not alter any code or fix any bugs in it. DDEV *does* add DDEV-specific settings for some CMSes if the [settings management](cms-settings.md) is enabled. These items are excluded by `.gitignore` so they won't affect a deployed project, but in most cases they would do no harm if deployed, because they check to see if they're running in DDEV context.

### Why do I have to type `ddev` in front of so many commands?

> When you use `ddev composer` or `ddev drush` or `ddev npm` or `ddev yarn` it's so you can execute the command inside the web container, where it is the exact tool in the exact environment where your project lives. It's possible to do a `composer install` (without `ddev` in front) on your project, but in many cases you won't have the same PHP version on your host computer as your project is configured to use, and perhaps you'll have a different version of `composer` as well. This can lead to workarounds like having to use `composer --ignore-platform-reqs` or even incompatibilities introduced into your project. With tools like `ddev composer` you can have many projects running at the same time, with many different configurations, but when you use the tool inside the container, you get the exact configuration for the project you're configuring. (You can run any tool inside the web container with `ddev exec`, but many of them like `ddev composer` have two-word shortcuts.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are using commands like `ddev composer`, `ddev drush`, `ddev npm`, or `ddev yarn`, you are telling DDEV to execute that very command inside the web container. The exact tool within the exact environment required for your project. It's possible to execute `composer install` without  prepending `ddev` in your project folder, but often you won't have the same PHP version on your host computer as your project is configured to use inside the container, or perhaps you'll have a different version of `composer` even. This can lead into workarounds like having to use `composer --ignore-platform-reqs` or even introducing incompatibilities  into your project. With tools like `ddev composer` you are able to run several projects at the same time, each with different configurations, but when you use the tool inside the container, you get the exact configuration for the project you've configured. You can run any tool inside the web container with `ddev exec`, but many commands like `ddev composer` have two-word shortcuts.
```

hm made a few suggestions. not sure if everything is perfectly phrased.  (but around other things i tried to avoid parenthesis as well as the redundant "or" at the beginning.

RewriteRule (.*) https://%{HTTP_HOST}/$1 [R=301,L]
```

### On the Chrome browser, my `http` URLs are redirected to `https`

Chrome by default wants you to use `https`, so will automatically redirect you to the `https` version of a site. This may not be what you want, and when it redirects it may break things. For example, the Apache SOLR web UI often doesn't work with `https`, and when it redirects it can break things. You can change the behavior of your Chrome browser by disabling the HSTS behavior at chrome settings `chrome://net-internals/#hsts`, see [Stack Overflow answer](https://superuser.com/a/881431/75275).

### Why is `ddev-webserver` such a huge Docker image?

When you update DDEV you'll see it pull a `ddev-webserver` image which is almost half a gigabyte compressed, and this can be an inconvenient thing to wait for when you're doing an upgrade, especially if you have slower internet.

> The reason that `ddev-webserver` is so big is that it's built for you, for local development. It's big to let you switch PHP versions or switch between webserver types with a simple `ddev restart`, rather than a build process. It's big to let you have Xdebug there with a simple `ddev xdebug on`. It has many, many features and tools that make it easy for you as a developer, but that one would not include in a production image.

Author: I think the general discussion here is good enough. We'd be there all day if we listed all the convenience features, but thanks for keeping your eye open on this.

> The reason that `ddev-webserver` is so big is that it's built for you, for local development. It's big to let you switch PHP versions or switch between webserver types with a simple `ddev restart`, rather than a build process. It's big to let you have Xdebug there with a simple `ddev xdebug on`. It has many, many features and tools that make it easy for you as a developer, but that one would not include in a production image.

Author: ```suggestion
The reason that `ddev-webserver` is so big is that it's built for you, for local development. It's big to let you switch PHP versions or switch between `nginx` and `apache` web servers with a simple `ddev restart`, rather than a build process. It's big to let you have Xdebug there with a simple `ddev xdebug on`. It has many, many features and tools that make it easy for you as a developer, but that one would not include in a production image.
```
